README and press release completed (#1)
bikeshaman/smart-seeds: _PRESS-RELEASE.md

# Smart Seeds

## Target Audience

> For all gardeners looking to organize and plan their garden smarter, by having a one-stop-shop for viewing plant details.

Author: ```suggestion
For all gardeners looking to save time by organizing and planning their garden smarter.
```

> Gardening is hard but rewarding work. Our goal with Smart Seeds is to make your garden’s research, planning, and management tasks easy so you can focus on keeping your perfect garden growing!  

## How to Get Started
Getting started with Smart Seeds is easy — visit the application, and if this is your first garden with Smart Seeds, simply click the “Start a garden” button. All your gardens will be listed in one place on your home page.

You can click into any of your gardens to view a list of any plants you’ve added, add new plants to your garden, and view any pertinent details to caring for and maintaining the plants in your garden.

## Testimonials
> I’ve always had trouble turning my ideal garden into reality. Between knowing what plants would grow well in my city’s environment, and organizing and keeping track of all the things I wanted to add to it, there was always a compromise I had to make. Thanks to Smart Seeds, this year’s garden was exactly how I’ve always wanted it!  
>    

> > - Adam Gipril  

Author: Make em-dash for attributing testimonial so it doesn't show up as a markdown bullet point.

```suggestion
> — Adam Gipril  
```
